the restoration of the endodontic tooth ado
part of the endodontic treatment
Many cases are essential when praying a test restoration before starting
the treatment
since if you do not do quad to the restoration is not going to be possible
it is worthwhile to carry out the treatment of said ducts
for the risk of fracture and failures that we will have later
you have to consider that one endodontic tooth two a more fragile tooth
of vido
aa
tooth destruction
progressive loss of elastic fibers
and above all
mainly due to the loss of dental tissue
what is supposed
preceding streets plus the elimination of the vault
what is the reinforcement of the cameral ceiling
it is shown in studies that the coronary structure to reduction goes to
favor
the fracture especially in the later sectors
besides a point in dogma technology have a color change
those changes
they are from vido
especially attention of the products placed in the interior
the pipe hopefully pulp remains
and its subsequent degradation
when is the best time to restore a tooth
We know that endodontic treatment is not enough until it is restored
totally the tooth and that as soon as possible to toronto bouquets ablation much better
the coronary leak is maybe
the most important
of the reasons for failure in Don Kiko
we know that the exposure of the hanger uta to the conduit
of the mayoral driver
will force a retreat in rooms to right armchair this few weeks
exposed
besides the tooth I know you'll be easier to break
and he has not
It makes sense to wait to see how to treat the high percentage
95% success
what endodontics entails with current techniques
depending on the face or the cross you are going to receive it is evident
we will make a kind of restoration or another one on baxter front teeth that will not
have a great destruction we will opt for a direct action October
as well
If there is a big color change
we will proceed to an internal whitening
taking into account the risk of external action raxó that there
we generate heat to accelerate that approach
if against the injury
dental
It is very big, it means a loss, overflows and salts, we will restore
with post-expo trunnions on subsequent days whenever you make a
full coronary count of all cusps unless it is clear from quebec not
there is little allusion
with an antagonist
usual questions we ask ourselves about the poles
are the following posts reinforce the tooth
the answer is no
that reinforce us but that can even favor its fracture
therefore only use a post when we need retention of
dental stump